But you don't really love her, do you?
This'll work, won't it?
Oh you think so, do you?
Well, I couldn't help it, could I?
But you'll tell me if she calls, won't you?
We'd never have known, would we?
Oh you do, do you?
The weather's bad, isn't it?
You won't be late, will you?
Nobody knows, do they?
You never come on time, do you?
You couldn't help me, could you?
You think you're clever, do you?
So you don't think I can do it, don't you? 
Shut up, will you!
She can hardly love him after all that, can she?
Nothing will happen, will it?
Who has been the biggest influence in your life?
What kinds of things really make you laugh?
What’s your favorite place in the entire world?
Who is your best friend? What do you like about him/her?
Favorite movie of all time? Why so?
What’s your biggest goal in life right now?
What is your favorite way to spend a Saturday?
Do you have any pet peeves?
What was your family like growing up?
What were you like as a kid?
What should I know about you that I’d never think to ask about?
Did you—or do you—have a nickname? What’s the story behind it?
Who was your favorite schoolteacher or college professor? Why?
Have you figured out your calling in life? What is it?
What do you hate most about the dating process? (Tell me so I can avoid it!)
What three U.S. cities would you never, ever move to even for the job offer of your dreams?
What combination of fixings makes your perfect burrito?
What is the best gift you’ve ever received?
What is the most thoughtful gift you’ve ever given?
Who is your role model or has had the biggest influence on your life?
Do you have any nicknames?
What’s one thing you wish you had known as a freshman in college?
How many siblings do you have?
Do you consider yourself a morning person or a night owl?
How long did it take you to start enjoying coffee?
What do your parents do for a living?
What quality is your automatic “no fucking way” when pursuing a potential relationship?
What are two of your bucket list items?
Have you ever kept a New Year’s resolution?
Were you closer with your mom or your dad growing up?
What is something you are financially saving up for currently?
Where is your happy space?
What is your favorite article of clothing you own?
Do you have any specialty cooking dishes?
What is one job you could never do?
When is your birthday?
What is in your fridge right now?
What are you worse at than 90 percent of the population?
Do you believe in aliens?
Do you think it’s the little things or grand gestures that count the most?
Have you ever been out of the country?
What fact about you surprises people the most?
What do you do for a living?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
What’s your ideal vacation?
If you could live in any other U.S. city, which city would you live in?
What was your favorite family vacation growing up?
Are you a big fan of any major pro sports team?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What are you better at than 90 percent of the population?
If you could travel back to any one point in time what would it be?
What is the proudest moment or greatest achievement of your life so far?
How did you meet your best friend?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
Salty snacks or desserts?
What is a family tradition your family has?
What do you think is the most important life lesson for someone to learn?
What was your favorite toy growing up?
Who was your favorite teacher or professor?
What is the best advice you’ve received?
What’s the luckiest thing that’s ever happened to you?
What do you feel people take for granted the most?
What do you like the most about Moscow?
What is the craziest scene or event you have ever witnessed?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What was the worst job you’ve ever had?
What was the last book you read?
When you were younger, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What was something that recently moved you?
What skill or talent do you wish you had or were better at?
If you just won $1 million, what would you do with it?
If you had a superpower what would it be?
What are you passionate about?
What is your favorite movie?
Are you a cat person, a dog person, both or neither?
What do you think is your greatest strength?
What is the last vegetable you would ever want to be?
What was the last picture you took with your phone?
Do you know any big gossips?
Have you been pulled over by a cop?
Do you know your heritage?
What have you always wanted? Did you ever get it?
What kind of sickness have you lied about so you wouldn&#8217;t go to work?
What was the last lie you told?
Have you ever danced in the rain?
What is your blood type?
Have you ever been in a car accident?
What was the weirdest prank call that you have made?
Best compliment you have received?
Do you trust anyone with your life?
What is your greatest strength or weakness?
What is your perfect pizza?
What was your first thought when you woke up this morning
Do you get along with your family? Why or why not?
Ugly and live forever, or attractive and die in a year?
You discover that your wonderful one year old child is because of a mix up at the hospital and not yours. Would you want to exchange the child to correct the mistake?
Would you be willing to lie to a court for a close friend if it meant saving your friend from going to jail for life?
Would you be willing to eat a bowl of crickets for $40,000?
If you could have anyone locked in a room so that you could torment them for a day, whom would you choose ad how would you torment them?
Do you feel that children should be sheltered from unhappiness?
If you could have personally witnessed anything, what would you want to have seen?
If you could wake up tomorrow in the body of someone else, who would you pick and what would you do?
If you could be any age for a week, what age would that be?
What question do you hate to answer?
If you could only have one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Where do you go to get on a computer?
How do you start a conversation?
What keys on a keyboard do you not use?
If you had a brainwashing machine, who would you use it on?
You are walking home in the dark, you see something move. What/Who is it(guess)? What do you do?
What is the strangest name someone has introduced themselves as to you? What is their real name?
Where were you 3 hours ago? Do you think someone was stalking you?
Have you ever eating a crayon, or glue? Or what strange thing have you eaten?
What type of music do you listen to? (Genre, artists, songs?)
What cheers you up?
What do you constantly think about that, either makes you sad or just anything?
Is there something you constantly lose at your hours or anywhere?
Do you have a favorite book or read much? Why or why not?
What is the longest you have gone without sleep?
Do you have anyone you go to for advice? In person or online?
What is the habit you are proudest of breaking or want to break?
Is there anything I should know?
What do you order or not order at a restaurant you have been to or never been to?
What is your favorite word? Least favorite?
Describe something that's happened to you for which had no explanation.
What did you do for your latest birthday?
What holidays do you celebrate? Are you a religious person or not?
Who is your hero?
Which do you use more often, the dictionary or the thesaurus?
Have you ever been stung by a bee?
Have you ever tipped a cow?
What's the sickest you have ever been?
Are you still learning who you are?
Are you afraid of heights? Or what are you afraid of?
Have you ever taken dance lessons? Who would you want to dance with?
What is the most memorable class you have ever taken?
What's your favorite knock-knock joke?
What is your favorite commercial?
If you could spend the day with any celebrity, who would it be?
What is your favorite breakfast food?
Do you like guacamole? Have you ever been in a food fight?
What is your favorite thing to spend money on?
What is the weirdest thing about you? Are you proud of it?
Ever been in love with 2 people at the same time? Do you think that;s wrong?
Ever had any relatives in jail?
Glass half full or half empty? Or is the glass just malformed?
Mountains or the beach? View, or the tv?
Plain, train, or car? Boat, subway, or teleportation device?
If you could retire tomorrow, what would you do?
Ever sold/donated your blood? If you haven't do you want to?
Name the most terrifying moment of your life so far. Have you recovered from it?
What famous person do people tell you that you most resemble?
What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten?
If you could bring any person back to life, who would it be?
Do you believe honesty is the best policy?
What dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
Who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with?
Who would you least like to be …?
What do you think Victoria&#8217;s secret is?
Which cartoon character do you resemble the most?
Would you rather go a week without bathing, but be able to change your clothes? Or a week without changing your clothes but be able to bathe.
Which of the four seasons do you most love? Or Hate?
If you could choose your method of dying or where, what would they be?
If you had to be trapped in a tv show for a month, which would you choose?
List someone you know, and describe them in 5 words.
You can select one person from history and have them truthfully answer one question, who would you select and what is the question?
If you join the circus, what would you perform?
Is there anything purple within 10 feet of you? What is it?
When was the last time you bought something? What was it?
Are you wearing socks right now?
Have you been to the movies in the last 5 days?
When was the last time you ran/went for a jog?
Your dream vacation? Worst vacation? Best vacation?
1Worst injury you have had?
If we learn from our mistakes, why are we always so afraid to make a mistake?
What is the difference between being alive and truly living?
Why do religions that support love cause so many wars?
Have you been the kind of friend you want as a friend?
Does love equal sex?
If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
Are you doing what you believe in, or are you settling for what you are doing?
If the average human life span was 40 years, how would you live your life differently?
Are you more worried about doing things right, or doing the right things?
If you knew that everyone you know was going to die tomorrow, who would you visit today?
If you could offer a newborn child only one piece of advice, what would it be?
What one thing have you not done that you really want to do? What’s holding you back?
Would you rather be a worried genius or a joyful simpleton?
Has your greatest fear ever come true?
Would you rather have less work to do, or more work you actually enjoy doing?
When was the last time you noticed the sound of your own breathing?
Decisions are being made right now. The question is: Are you making them for yourself, or are you letting others make them for you?
If you had all the money in the world but still had to have some kind of job, what would you choose to do?
When you’re 90 years old, what will matter most to you?
What do you regret most so far in life?
If you were at heaven’s gates, and God asked you “Why should I let you in?”, what would you say?
What small thing could you do to make someone’s day better?
What impact do you want to leave on the world?
When was the last time you tried something new?
What life lesson did you learn the hard way?
What do you wish you spent more time doing five years ago?
What is the difference between living and existing?
If not now, then when?
Have you done anything lately worth remembering?
If you had to teach something, what would you teach?
What would you regret not fully doing, being or having in your life?
Is stealing to feed a starving child wrong?
What lifts your spirits when life gets you down?
Have you ever regretted something you did not say or do?
Why do we think of others the most when they’re gone?
Is it more important to love or be loved?
If a doctor gave you five years to live, what would you try to accomplish?
Can there be happiness without sadness?
What’s the one thing you’d like others to remember about you at the end of your life?
Is there such a thing as perfect?
What does it mean to be human?
Are you happy with yourself?
Can you think of a time when impossible became possible?
How do you spend the majority of your free time?
How have you helped someone else recently?
What did you learn recently that changed the way you live?
What is the nicest thing someone has ever done for you?
What will you never do?
In your lifetime, what have you done that hurt someone else?
When was the last time you were nice to someone and did NOT expect anything in return for it?
Do you have any relatives in jail?
Have you ever gone cow-tipping?
What's your worst pet peeve?
Whats your favorite horror movie?
Do you do dance crazy when no one is looking?
Do you like to sing in the shower?
Whats your favorite colour?
Do you like baths or showers?
Do you blow dry your hair? or just let it dry on its own, or towel dry?
At the beach would you rather play in the sand, or play in the water?
Do you think people should eat the fish they catch, or just let them go?
What do you like better hands or feet?
Do you like cruly hair or stright hair?
Whats your favorite kind of drink?
Do you untie your shose when you take them off?
Whats your favorite book?
What's your favorite midnight snack?
Do you eat junk food everyday?
What is the one, single food that you would never give up?
What is your weirdest "quirk"?
Whats your favorite movie?
What was your favorite toy as a kid?
Whats your favorite food?
Do you like school?
What do you think is the most useless class in high school?
Whats your favorite day of the year?
Do you like soda or pop?
Do you shampoo first in the shower or soap?
Wet the toothbrush or brush dry with the toothpaste?
Pen or pencil?
Have you ever gambled at a casino?
Have you thrown up in a car?
Do you scream on roller coasters?
Whats your most missed memory?
When did you go to your first funeral?
Where did you go on your first airplane ride?
Who is the first person you call when you have a bad day?
Whats your favorite season?
Do you like music? if so what kind?
Whats your favorite thing to do?
Last thing you bought?
Last person you argued with?
Do you put butter before putting the peanut butter on?
One of your stuffed animals' names as a kid?
Did you ever own a Barenaked Ladies Cd?
Favorite day of the week?
Favorite Sundae topping?
Do you play a musical instrument?
Most frequent song played?
T.V. show you secretly enjoy?
Would you rather play basketball or hockey?
Date someone older or younger?
One place you could travel right now?
Do you use umbrellas?
If you dont know the words to a song do you improvise?
Favorite Potato Chips?
Favourite cheese?
Movies or TV?
Do you find these questions funny?
Define a really funny question?
Do you prefer Blondes or Brunettes?
If electricity comes from electrons, does morality come from morons?
Why does Donald Duck wear a towel when he comes out of the shower, when he doesn't usually wear any pants?
How come you press harder on a remote control when you know the battery is dead?
If an orange is orange, why isn't a lime called a green or a lemon called a yellow?
If the #2 pencil is the most popular, why's it still #2?
What color would a smurf turn if you choked it?
Where's the egg in an egg roll?
Why aren't blue berries blue?
Where is the lead in a lead pencil?
Why is Greenland called green when it is covered in ice?
Why does your gynecologist leave the room when you undress?
If a person owns a piece of land, do they own it all the way down to the center of the earth?
Why can't woman put their mascara on with their mouth closed?
If you mated a Bulldog with a Shitsu would you get a ***?
Why are they called stairs inside but steps outside?
Why is there a light in the fridge but not in the freezer?
Why does mineral water that has trickled through mountains for centuries have a use by date?
Why do toasters always have a setting on them which burns your toast to a horrible crisp no one would eat?
What do people in China call their good plates?
If the professor on Gilligan's Island can make a radio out of a coconut, why can't he fix a hole in a boat?
Why does Goofy stand on two legs when Pluto remains on four? They're both dogs.
What do you call male ballerinas?
Can blind people see their dreams and do they dream?
If Wile E coyote has enough money to by all that Acme crap why doesn't he buy his dinner?
Why is a person who handles money called a broker?
If quizzes are quizzical, what are tests?
If corn oil is made from corn and vegetable oil is made from vegetables. What is baby oil made from?
If a man is walking in a forest and no women is there to hear him is he still wrong?
Why is "phonics" not spelled the way it sounds?
If quizzes are quizzical then what are tests?
If a word is misspelled in the dictionary, how would we ever know?
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream?
Why do we say something is out of whack? What is a whack?
Why isn't 11 pronounced "onety-one"?
You can be overwhelmed and underwhelmed, but why can't you be simply whelmed?
Shouldn't the opposite of shut up be shut down?
If you get cheated by the Better Business Bureau, who do you complain to?
How come there aren't B batteries?
If you got in a cab and the driver drove backwards, would he end up owing you money?
Why is the word for "a fear of long words," hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia, so long?
Why do they call it a TV "set" when you only get one?
How do "Do not walk on the grass" signs get there?
If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?
Why is it that night falls but day breaks?
How do you remove a club soda stain?
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
How come you never hear father-in-law jokes?
When your pet bird sees you reading the newspaper, does he wonder why you're just sitting there, staring at carpeting?
How do people get discombobulated? Have you ever seen someone who was combobulated?
Who closes the door when the bus driver gets off?
Why do kids learn math when they could just use calculators like the grownups?
Do you ever just get the urge to double-click something?
How come there's a greeting card section for new babies? Do they come some other way?
Why don't black guys get white tattoos?
Can't the postman give it to the garbage man and save us the hassle?
Instead of candy, wouldn't it be easier to take, say, cabbage from a baby?
Do the people who say "God darn it" really think God darns?
If a job is cancelled, do hit men get a kill fee?
When you perform a head count, do Siamese twins count as one or two?
What excites you about Ireland?
If today was the last day of your life, how would you spend it?
What impact do you want to leave the world?
Would you rather be less attractive and rich or extremely attractive and poor?
Would you break the law to save a family member?
What type of guy are you attracted to?
Which song makes you feel amazing and why?
What is the most romantic experience you have ever had?
Would you rather have true love or win the lottery?
Favourite childhood animated movie?
Describe your best holiday experience in your life.
If you could visit any country in the world, which would you visit and why?
What was your childhood fear?
How would you spent 10 million pounds?
If your boyfriend cheated on you, would you slap him or cheat on him?
Can you describe your greatest fantasy?
What was the weirdest relationship you have ever had?
If I was an ice cream, how would you eat me?
How close are you to your family?
What makes you smile in life?
What is your favourite ice cream flavour and why?
Who was your first crush?
What are your ideas about true love?
What's your favourite colour? 
Describe the most embarassing moment in your life?
What's the habit you're proudest of breaking?
What was your funniest moment in your life?
If you ruled the world, what would your change?
Who's the person in your life that you admire most, and why?
Do you like spontaneity or do you like routine?
Tell me about your friends?
Is there anything you're really passionate about?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Can you describe your dream house to me?
Are there any causes you strongly believe in?
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot?
Can you describe your first kiss?
Give the names of 3 things you dislike most and why?
What's the worst injury you've ever had?
Do you have any pet names? If yes, how did you get them?
Do you believe that the cup is half empty or half full?
Do you remeber who taught you to ride a bike?
Can you describe the craziest thing you have ever done?
Favourite film star?
How do you like to spend New Year's Eve?
Describe your relationship with your parents?
Favourite day of the week?
Do you have any bad habits?
Do you consider yourself sexually open minded?
How do you feel about porn?
What is your biggest goal in life?
How would your friends describe you in three words?
Have you ever experimented with drugs?
Which living celebrity would you like to know?
If you could invite any three people from history to dinner, who would you invite?
Do you have a favourite film?
What is the most courageous thing you have ever done in your life?
What is your earliest memory?
If you had three wishes, what would you wish for?
If you could have a superpower, what would be your superpower?
What is the best advice you have ever received?
Who was your hottest boyfriend?
Has a guy ever asked to marry you?
Have you ever kissed a girl?
Ever been in a catfight? Who scratched who?
Can you fake any accent? If yes, would you show me?
If you had one day in your life to live over again, which would you choose and why?
If your house was on fire and you could save one possession, what would you save?
How often do you talk to your parents?
Favourite quote in life?
If you could speak one language, what would it be and why?
If you had your own country, what would be some of the rules?
What is your favourite four letter word and why?
If you had a label round your neck, what would it say?
What was the last nice thing your dad did for your mum?
How many times have you lost your mobile, and were there any interesting ways?
American pancakes or English (flat) pancakes?
Put your iTunes on shuffle. Give me the first 6 songs that pop up.
How do you vent your anger?
How would you define art?
What is your astrological sign?
What would be a question you'd be afraid to tell the truth on?
In your opinion, what makes a great relationship?
What is your ethnic background?
Do you save money or spend it?
Ever had a rumour spread about you?
If you could change your natural hair colour, would you? To what?
Coolest thing you have ever been for Halloween?
Pirates or ninjas? Why?
What kind of smoothie sounds really good right now?
Do you prefer to wake up early or stay in bed till late in the morning?
Ever tried online dating? Worst experience?
What is your favourite way to spend a Saturday?
Where do you see yourself 10 years from now?
If your life were a book, what would you name it?
Beach holiday or sightseeing holiday? Why?
Would you prefer an exotic meal in a five-star hotel or a delicious chocolate-cake from a local bakery?
Do you believe in God?
How many kids would you like to have? 
What turns you off the most?
Did you ever have a crush on a male teacher?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
What would constitute a "perfect" day for you?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
Name three things you and your partner appear to have in common.
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
Take four minutes and tell your partner your life story in as much detail as possible.
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
Is there something that you've dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven't you done it?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is your most terrible memory?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?
What does friendship mean to you?
What roles do love and affection play in your life?
Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your partner. Share a total of five items.
How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people's?
How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?
Make three true "we" statements each. For instance, "We are both in this room feeling ... "
Complete this sentence: "I wish I had someone with whom I could share ... "
If you were going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what would be important for him or her to know.
Tell your partner what you like about them; be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you've just met.
Share with your partner an embarrassing moment in your life.
When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?
Tell your partner something that you like about them already.
What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven't you told them yet?
Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire. After saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be? Why?
Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing? Why?
What’s the toughest decision you made today?
What’s the toughest decision you made this year?
What’s the toughest decision you ever made?
What have you forgotten?
If you were guaranteed the answer to one question, what would it be?
What’s it like being you right now?
What makes you nostalgic?
If you had two hours left on earth what would you do?
What’s the most beautiful word in the world?
Who makes you laugh more than anyone?
What did your father teach you?
What did your mother teach you?
What’s the best gift you’ve ever given?
Best gift you ever received?
How many times a day do you look in the mirror?
What do you bring most to a friendship?
If people in your age group were selected randomly, how many do you think they’d find leading a happier life than you?
What is or was your best subject in school?
What activity do you do that makes you feel most like yourself?
What makes you feel supported?
Whom do you secretly admire?
What time of the day do you feel the most energetic and what do you usually do in those moments?
What’s something you never leave home without?
What’s a recurring dream you have?
What makes you feel safe?
What’s the best thing that ever happened to you?
What do you want people to say about you once you’re gone?
What’s the coolest thing about science?
What’s the best money you ever spent?
What’s a bad habit you have?
What are you grateful for?
Whom are you envious of?
What’s an image you’ll never forget?
Describe a near-death experience.
If you had a clone, what would you have the clone do?
What’s your idea of Heaven?
What’s your idea Hell?
When did you know?
What can you do better?
When are you most yourself?
What superpower would you most like to have?
If you were granted three wishes, what would you do with the second wish?
What is your actual superpower?
If you won million dollars, what would you buy first?
What's the best sound in the world?
What’s perfect about your life?
What song do you sing only when you’re alone and what memory does it bring back?
Describe a moment you were so embarrassed you wanted to disappear.
How many times a day do you think about money?
Who has been the biggest influence on you in your relationship to money?
What's one thing you're certain of?
Describe one of your colossal failures.
What makes you cringe?
What does your inner voice tell you?
What crime have you considered committing?
What's great about your mom?
What’s great about your dad?
Which day would you gladly re-live?
What are you awesome at?
What do you want people you meet for the first time to think about you?
When were you most afraid?
What are you terrible at but love to do anyway?
What weapon would you carry during the Zombie Apocalypse?
Which of your five senses would you keep if you could only keep one?
What’s something you love to make?
What do you cook better than anyone?
What do you wish you’d invented?
What would you like to invent?
Out of random people, where would you rank yourself in terms of your intelligence?
Where do you want to be right now?
If you could be someone else for a day who would it be and why?
What makes you feel powerful?
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said?
What’s the meanest thing someone has ever said to you?
What three words would you have on your grave stone?
What’s your first thought when you wake up?
What’s one thing you wake up to in the middle of the night worrying about?
If you could tell someone something anonymously, what would it be?
Whom would you like to forgive and forget?
If you could get rid of one of your responsibilities today, what would it be?
What type of person angers you the most?
What is your greatest strength?
What is your worst weakness?
How do you show your love for others?
Why are you here in this room right now?
When is a time you forgave someone or were forgiven for something?
What’s the biggest mistake you ever made?
What are you hiding?
What’s your unanswerable question--the question you seem to always be asking yourself?
What are you ashamed of?
What is stopping you?
What’s a secret you have?
How do you secretly manipulate people to get your way?
When was the last time you apologized?
What is the biggest lie you tell yourself?
What’s the moment you left childhood behind?
What's missing from your life?
Do you believe in a higher power?
What are you ready to let go of?
What are you not saying right now?
When is the last time you've had a dream about me?
If I could only wear yoga pants or short skirts for the rest of my life, what would you choose for me?
Guess what color underwear I'm wearing?
What's the naughtiest thing you've ever done?
What's your most hardcore fantasy?
Have you ever said someone else's name during sex, instead of the girl you were with?
What's the most sensitive part of your body?
Have you ever dated two girls at the same time?
Have you ever been caught masturbating?
Have you ever had sex outside?
Have you ever used a sex toy in bed?
When is the last time you've masturbated?
If you could only have one type of sex for the rest of your life, what would you choose: oral, anal or regular?
Hair down there or all bare?
What's your favorite position when I'm on top?
What's your favorite position when you're on top?
Do you prefer me wearing make up or none at all?
Do you sleep in pajamas, underwear or nothing at all?
If you could only ever sleep with one celebrity, who would you choose?
Have you ever felt jealous when you saw me talking to another guy?
Would you be angry if you saw me making out with a really hot girl?
Of all the things I've done with you in the bedroom, what's your favorite?
Have you ever woke up beside someone you regretted sleeping with?
What's more important ... boobs or butt?
If you could choose between me being slightly overweight or slightly underweight, what would you choose?
Have you ever woken the neighbors because you were so loud in the bedroom?
Have you read 50 shades of grey? If so, did it turn you on?
Have you ever had sex in public?
Do you like it when I'm the dominant one in bed or do you prefer leading things?
Have you ever had anal sex? How did it go?
When is the last time you went to a strip club?
Do you think you could give me an orgasm by only touching my breasts and kissing me? Would you like to try?
Do my feet turn you on?
Do you like talking naughty?
What are you wearing right now?
Have you ever skinny dipped?
Has anyone ever accidentally seen you naked?
How old were you when you first French kissed and did you dribble?
What kind of outfit would look best on me
Would you help me pick that outfit if I asked you to?
What do you wear when you go to bed?
How do you like a good massage from a girl?
What’s your idea of good foreplay?
What’s your favourite sexual fantasy
Do you think we’d do something funny if we get drunk together?
What’s your favourite part of a girl’s body
Which part of a girl’s body do you think tattoos look best?
At what age were you when you first kissed a girl and who was she?
Do you check me out when I walk away?
Do you think you’re a good kisser?
What’s the sexiest outfit a girl should wear to turn you on?
What kind of outfit would look best on me?
Would you help me pick that outfit if I asked you to?
What do you wear when you go to bed?
How do you like a good massage from a girl?
Have you ever sexted your picture?
Have you ever felt horny while texting on the phone?
Did you ever have any one night stand experiences?<div class="buzz_advert buzz_advert-2"><style type="text/css">
How do you enjoy sex the most, lights on or off?
How did it feel to make love for the first time?
If I was with you right now, what would you do to me?
How long will it take for you to get here?
Do you like using props in the bedroom?
What’s the ultimate role play for you?
Who is your favourite porn star?
What do you like the most that I do when we have sex?
What lingerie would you love to see a girl in?
Do you like talking naughty?
Have you ever been caught masturbating? If so when and by whom?
Have you been naughty and had sex in a public place? Did you get caught?
Were you ever caught playing with yourself?
Have you ever felt horny while texting on the phone?
If I was with you right now, what would you do to me?
How long will it take for you to get here?
What defines a sexy woman according to you?
How and where you do like being touched the most?
Sexiest body part you could kiss a woman?
What’s the boldest thing you’ve done through texting?
Have you succumbed to the seduction of an older woman ever? How old were you?
When you first had sex, did you suffer from prematurely ejaculation?
Tell five things that make having sex and making love different for you.
Who was the first woman to touch your penis (apart from our mother!) and how did it feel?
Has a girl ever laughed at you when they saw you naked?
Have you been circumcised? If so how do you feel about losing something so intimate?
Have you ever been to an orgy? If so did you have sex and with how many women?
Have you ever had sex with one girl and then had sex with another on the same day? And did they know about each other?
Have you ever been caught by your girl friend having sex with another girl?
Have you ever taken up the services of a professional woman?
Where is the strangest place you’ve ever had sex?
What turns you on most during sex?
What is one of your fantasies?
Where would you love to have sex?
Do you like using props in the bedroom?
What’s the ultimate role play for you?
Have you ever had an accident with a condom bursting? What was the outcome?
Has a guy ever had the hots for you? What happened?
What&#8217;s the most number of sexual positions you have had in one session?
After sex are you a sleeper or one who is ready for more?
Do you ever watch porn to make yourself come?
What’s your favorite position?
Where would you love to have sex?
What’s the sexiest outfit a girl should wear to turn you on?
Do you enjoy phone sex?
Did you ever buy lingerie for your girl?
What’s the most orgasmic thing a woman can do to you?
What turns you on almost instantly?
Was she someone special?
How do you show you care during sex?
Do you think you know how to give a girl pleasure?
When did you fully discover your sexuality?
Did you experiment to learn what you’re attracted to?
Have you been in a threesome before?
Have you ever been caught while in action?
What a girl should wear in bed – if anything?
What do you wear in bed?
Which girl do you think would give the best BJ?
What’s your favourite thing about the opposite sex?
What’s the worst thing about being your gender?
Have you ever masturbated?
Who do you fantasize about when you think about sex?
Have you ever gone a whole day without wearing underwear?
If you could be born again would choose to be a different sex to what you are?
If you had 24 hours to live, what would you do, what movie star would you want to kiss, and who would you notify that you are dying .
Describe the sexiest clothes you ever wore and why?
Do you like to sleep naked or in your underwear?
What is the craziest sexual position you have pulled off?
Does size matter, or is it what you can do with what you got that matters?
What is the kinkiest thing someone has ever asked you to do?
Besides condoms, how else can I protect myself from getting pregnant?
 If you are a magician, what part of my clothes that you would like to disappear? Ask him why?
Do you like my perfume? 
Have you ever done something embarrassing in front of your girlfriend?
What's your favorite position?
Where have you always wanted to have sex, but are scared to?
What's your favorite body part other than your penis?
Would you rather I kiss you softly or more roughly?
Do you prefer me to undress you or would you like to undress yourself?
What's your most memorable sexual experience we've had together and why?
What's a fantasy you've never shared and would like to try?
Is there anyone of your friends that you would ever consider having sex with?
Sex in the morning, afternoon or night?
What side of the bed do you sleep on?
Have you ever taken your clothes off for money?
Have you ever had sex in the shower or the bath?
Do you watch/read pornography?
Do you want someone aggressive or passive in bed?
Do you love someone on your blogroll?
Would you choose love or money?
Your top three favorite kinks in bed?
Has anyone ever gone beyond your personal line of respect sexually?
Where is the most romantic place you have had sex?
Where is the weirdest place you have had sex?
Have you ever been caught having sex?
Ever been to a bar just to get sex?
Ever been picked up in a bar?
Have you ever kissed or had sex with someone of the same sex?
Had sex in a movie theater?
Had sex in a bathroom?
Have you ever had sex at work?
Bought something from an adult store?
Do you own any sex toys?
Does anyone have naughty pics of you or are you on film?
Do you think oral sex constitutes as a form of intercourse?
What’s your favorite sexual position?
What’s your favorite sex act?
Have you ever had sex with more than one person at a time?
If you were a worm, how long would you be?
What's the size of your shoes?
Do you ever doubt the existence of others than you?
What would you want to be written on your tombstone?
Is your middle finger longer than your ring finger?
What shampoo do you use?
What time do you normally go to bed on a working day?
What is the most distant place you've visited (from your home)?
In scale from 1-5, how afraid of dark are you?
How often do you brush your teeth?
The person you would never want to meet?
Who is the person you trust most?
Have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits?
How weird is this?
How old is the oldest cell in your body?
Do you like carrots?
The size of your hard-disc?
What's your favourite word?
If you were a tree, what tree would you be?
When you looked in the mirror first thing this morning, what was the first thing you thought?
How much cash do you have on you?
What's a word that rhymes with TEST?
Planet?
Who is the fourth person on your missed calls?
What is your favourite ring on your phone?
What shirt are you wearing?
What do you label youself as?
Name the brand of shoes you've recently worn.
Bright room or dark room?
What is your guilty pleasure Disney movie?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without taking a bath?
If anyone in the room could be your slave for a day, who would it be and what would they have to do?
For the guys: have you ever worn lingerie.
For the girls: have you ever worn a jockstrap.
If you could be born into history as any famous person who would it be and why?
What is your best physical attribute? (Then, you can dare the person to show you their best physical attribute.)
Have you ever been arrested?
If you were the opposite sex for one day, what would you look like and what would you do?
Who in the room do you think would be a bad date?
Do you have a secret talent and what is it?
What is one unique thing are you afraid of?
What would be a question you’d be afraid to tell the truth on? 
You have the opportunity to sleep with the movie-celebrity of your choice. Who would it be?
You have the opportunity to sleep with the music-celebrity of your choice. Same rules as above. Who is it?
Now that you've slept with two different people in a row, you seem to be having an excellent day because you just came across a hundred-dollar bill on the sidewalk. Holy shit, a hundred bucks! How are you gonna spend it?
You just got a free plane ticket to anywhere. You have to depart right now. Where are you gonna go?
Upon arrival to the aforementioned location, you get off the plane and discover another hundred-dollar bill. Shit! Now that you are in the new location, where are you gonna go to spend that?
An angel appears out of Heaven and offers you a lifetime supply of the alcoholic beverage of your choice. "Be brand-specific" it says. Man! What are you gonna say about that? Even if you don't drink booze there's something you can figure out... so what's it gonna be?
Rufus appears out of nowhere with a time-traveling phone booth. You can go anytime in the PAST. What time are you traveling to and what are you going to do when you get there?
You discover a beautiful island upon which you may build your own society. You make the rules. What is the first rule you put into place?
You have been given the opportunity to create the half-hour TV show of your own design. What is it called and what's the premise?
What is your favorite expletive?
One night you wake up because you heard a noise. You turn on the light to find that you are surrounded by MUMMIES. The mummies aren't really doing anything, they're just standing around your bed. What do you do?
Your house is on fire, holy shit! You have just enough time to run in there and grab ONE inanimate object. Don't worry, your loved ones and pets have already made it out safely. So what's the one thing you're going to save from that blazing inferno?
The Angel Of Death has descended upon you. Fortunately, the Angel Of Death is pretty cool and in a good mood, and it offers you a half-hour to do whatever you want before you bite it. Whatcha gonna do in that half-hour?
You accidentally eat some radioactive vegetables. They were good, and what's even cooler is that they endow you with the super-power of your choice! What's it gonna be?
You can re-live any point of time in your life. The time-span can only be a half-hour, though. What half-hour of your past would you like to experience again?
You can erase any horrible experience from your past. What will it be?
You got kicked out of the country for being a time-traveling heathen who sleeps with celebrities and has super-powers. But check out this cool shit... you can move to anywhere else in the world!
This question still counts, even for those of you who are under age. Check it out. You have been eternally banned from every single bar in the world except for ONE. Which one is it gonna be?
Hopefully you didn't mention this in the super-powers question.... If you did, then we'll just expand on that. Check it out... Suddenly, you have gained the ability to FLOAT!!! Whose house are you going to float to first, and be like "Dude, check it out, I can freaking FLOAT!!"
The constant absorption of magical moonbeams mixed with the radioactive vegetables you consumed earlier have given you the ability to resurrect the dead famous-person of your choice. So which late celebrity will you bring back to life?
The Celestial Gates Of Beyond have opened, much to your surprise because you didn't think such a thing existed. Death appears. As it turns out, Death is actually a pretty cool entity, and happens to be in a fantastic mood. Death offers to return the friend/family-member/person/etc. of your choice to the living world. Who will you bring back?
If you could eliminate 1 thing you do each day so you never had to do it again, what would it be?
What does your room look like?
What is one thing that you constantly think about (other than material things)?
If you could be invisible for a day, what would you do?
Favorite text message you have received?
What is the weirdest gift you have ever received?
If you had to be a teacher of something, what would you teach?
If you were to write a book what would it be about?
What do you feel is your most attractive physical feature?
If a movie was being made on you and you can choose the actor to play you, who would you choose and why?
If you were stranded on a desert island, which three people would you take with you? Why?
If you could date any celebrity, who would it be and why?
If you had to, what part of your body would you get pierced?
What is the first thing you think of when you wake in the morning?
What is the worst possible name to call a child?
Where would you like to retire and why?
What is your best personal characteristic and why?
How many rings before you answer the phone?
If you were to perform in the circus, what would you do?
What was your favorite thing to play with as a child? Why?
What do you think the most ultimate gift of the world is?
If you were attending a Halloween party, what would your costume be and why?
What was the worst punishment your parents ever gave you?
What was in your high school locker?
If you died today, how would you like to be remembered?
If you won a million dollars, what would you do with it?
What is the best and worst pick up lines you have ever heard?
If you could switch bodies with a certain celebrity, who would it be and why?
Name the most famous person you've had a face to face encounter with (brush with greatness).
What is your favorite animal? List three adjectives to explain your choice.
What dessert describes you the best and why?
When trick-or-treating as a kid, was there any kind of candy that you didn't like to get?
If given a chance to get back at something during the past, what will be that time and why?
If you were to get a tattoo, what would it say or what would the graphic be?
If you could only wear one color for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
When was the last time you did something for the first time? What was it?
Name a turning point in your life that makes you smile/cry.
What do you keep in your wallet aside from money, cards and pictures?
What was the first live concert you ever attended?
What is something you have that is of sentimental value?
Name 3 things you think will become obsolete in ten years.
What was the weirdest food you've ever eaten?
You were just given a yacht. What would you name it?
What is your favorite color? List three adjectives to explain your choice.
If you could have had the starring role in one film already made, which movie would you pick?
What is your favorite weird food combination?
What is your favorite quote and why?
Have you ever had a reoccurring dream? What was it?
What article of clothing most closely describes your personality?
If you could spend 15 minutes with any living person, who would it be and why?
If someone rented a billboard for you, what would you put on it?
Name your 5 favorite songs.
What is the most outrageous thing you've ever done?
What was the best thing that happened to you this weekend?
What is your most favorite pair of shoes ever? Explain.
What is your favorite season and why?
If you could plan your ultimate vacation, where would you go?
If you were to be on a reality TV show which one would you be on and why?
What was your favorite TV show when you were growing up?
Can you comfortably eat in a restaurant by yourself or go to a movie alone?
What do you keep in the trunk of your car and under your bed?
If you had one extra hour of free time a day, how would you use it?
When you were in grade school, what did you want to be when you grew up? Why?
Where do you see yourself in 25 years?
What was your nickname growing up or now?
Who was your hero when you were a child, and what did you do to be like them?
What is your favorite commercial? What commercial annoys you the most?
If you could snap your fingers and appear somewhere else, where would you be?
If you had to enter a competition for the "Most Uselessly Unique Talent," what would your talent be?
Who do you admire the most and why?
What are you most talented at? What is your worst nightmare today?
If there were a holiday in your honor what would it celebrate?
What is the craziest (or stupidest) thing you have ever done?
What is your favorite memory of Christmases past?
What do you consider to the most valuable thing you own: when you were a child/teenager/now?
Based on something you've already done, how might you make it into the Guinness Book of World Records?
What makes you feel the most secure and why?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
If you could fly to a different time zone, which one would you fly to? Why?
If you could be an ice cream flavor, what would it be? Why?
What's the best dinner you ever had?
If you had to be a flower, which one would you like to be and why?
What do you think is the best feeling in the world?
What's your middle name? Why?
If you could be one for just 24 hours, what cartoon character would you be? Why?
What one thing (modern convenience) could you not live without?
What is your idea of a fruitful day?
If you could have any job in the world, which one would you want?
If you knew you could not fail, what would you do?
If you could be any animal in the world for 24 hours, which animal would you be? Why?
What did you like best about your hometown?
What internet sites do you surf the most?
What is one secret that you haven't told anyone?
What's the kindest act you have ever seen done (either to/by you or another)?
If you could meet anyone from history, who would you meet and why?
Where do you like to go to have fun?
What were you doing the last time you really had a good laugh?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is your all time favorite comedy movie?
What is your happiest childhood memory?
What song always makes you happy when you hear it?
What was your favorite sitcom growing up?
What favorite food puts you in a great mood?
Who's the funniest person you know?
What was the best vacation you ever had?
If you were a geometric shape what would you like to be?
Would you like to have more relationships in the same time?
If you were a bird or an animal what would you like to be?
I discovered you telling a lie to me. How do you react?
You are alone in my house. What will you do?
Would you like to tattoo my skin for you?
At what age would you like to die and why?
What would you like to change about myself?
Do you have the patience to come with me when I’m buying a dress?
Can you make friends easily?
How can you describe yourself in a sentence?
Would you like to spend a night with me in the forest?
What would you do if a bear came up to you and we were together in the forest?
What flowers would you like to offer me?
If you saw a field full of flowers would you pick a lot of them for me?
Do you tell your friends what we are doing together?
Can you tell me in a few seconds what is a brick useful for?
Would you like to spend your honeymoon on a remote island?
Can you find easily 10 words rhyming with pencil?
Are you able to explain what have I dreamt last night?
Do you consider yourself a happy person because you’ve met me?
Do you like answering questions to kids?
Would you like to imagine that I am a black panther and you are a poor hunter?
Can you imagine making love to me and eating strawberries and grapes?
Will you feed me with them?
What kind of music would you like to listen to with me?
Do you think that we have met before, in another life?
Do you have any pets?
Do you like to cook?
What's your favorite food?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Which sports do you like?
Do you live alone?
Do you live in a house or an apartment?
Have you ever lived in another country?
Have you ever met a famous person?
How do you spend your free time?
Tell me about a favorite event of your childhood.
What do you do on Sundays?
What is your motto in life?
What kind of people do you like?
What are you best at?
Who do you respect the most?
Who has had the most influence in your life?
Would you like to be famous?
What do you think you will be doing five years from now?
When do you feel best? In the morning, afternoon, or evening?
What kind of woman would you like to marry?
What cartoon character best describes you?
If you could live anywhere in the world for a year, where would it be?
If you knew could you try anything and not fail, what dream would you attempt?
What super-power would you most like to have, and why?
Would you live with someone without marrying them?
Would you rather take pictures or be in pictures?
Are you a beach, country or city person?
Where do you spend most of your money?
Who is the most famous person you’ve ever met?
What’s the one sound that drives you crazy?
What’s your preferred method of getting the news?
When driving, do you listen to CD’s, tapes, the radio or nothing?
Are you a window person or an aisle person?
Are you a dog person or a cat person?
Do you prefer Coke or Pepsi?
How do you relieve stress?
Who would you consider to be your hero?
Where do you most often find yourself singing?
What is your favorite quotation?
What’s your favorite movie to watch over and over again?
What was the first job you ever had?
When you were a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What was the best prank you ever pulled off?
What was the last CD you bought?
What was the last movie you saw?
If you could pick any person to be the president, whom would you choose?
If you could add a single option to your car, what would you add?
What is the last thing you watched on TV?
Do you remember your dreams?
Seen anything weird lately?
What is the last film you saw?
If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy?
Tell me something about you that most people don't know.
Would you ever consider living abroad?
Last time you swam in a pool?
Type of music you like most?
Type of music you dislike most?
If you could change something about your home, without worry about expense or mess, what would you do?
What was the last thing you bought?
Do you have a garden?
Do you really know all the words to your national anthem?
What is the first thing you think of when you wake up in the morning?
If you could eat lunch with one famous person, who would it be?
What was the last text message you received?
Which store would you choose to max out your credit card?
What time is bed time?
What did you do for your last birthday?
Who was the last person you ate dinner with?
Is the glass half empty or half full?
What's the farthest-away place you've been?
Have you ever won a trophy?
Do you know how to pump your own gas?
What's under your bed?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Choose a unique item from your wallet and explain why you carry it around.
If you could change one thing about your physical appearance what would it be and why?
What time do you get up?
What was the name of your first pet?
Is there anything going on this weekend?
How are you feeling right now?
What do you think about the most?
If you had a Big Win in the Lottery, how long would you wait to tell people?
Who would you tell first?
What is the last movie that you saw at the cinema?
Do you sing in the shower?
What do you do most when you are bored?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
Which came first the chicken or the egg?
How many keys on your key ring?
Where would you retire to?
What are your best physical features?
What are your best characteristics?
What is your favorite time of the day?
Where did you grow up?
How far away from your birthplace do you live now?
Can you touch your nose with your tongue?
Can you close your eyes and raise your eyebrows?
How many rings before you answer the phone?
What are some of the different jobs that you have had in your life?
Any new and exciting things that you would like to share?
What is most important in life?
What inspires You?
Do you like Watermelon?
What do you usually smell like?
Are you a fan of dragons?
Have you ever though about jumping out of a window?
Have you made fun of a blind man?
Are you a bad person?
Have you ever set a living organism on fire?
What is the largest thing you have eaten?
Do you like Chinese food?
Do you like peanuts?
Is there a key to your heart?
What is your least favorite letter?
What is your favorite combination of colors?
What radio station do you turn to when you are in the car.
What was the most memorable toy you played with from when you were little?
Have you ever been awake for 48 hours straight?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Do you have a secret no one but you knows?
How often do you remember your dreams?
When was the last time you laughed so hard you were crying?
Can you name 5 songs by The Beatles?
What do you wear to bed?
Have you ever been caught stealing?
Do you truly hate anyone?
Have you ever sang in front of the mirror like your favorite singer?
Have you ever made fun of your friends behind their back?
Have you ever stood up for someone you hardly knew?
Have you ever been punched in the face.
When is the last time you threw up from drinking to much?
Have you ever walked out on a movie at the theater?
Would you consider yourself obsessed with anything/anyone?
Have you ever been stood up?
When was the last time you screamed at the top of your lungs?
Did you ever do something that you didn't want to, just to fit in?
Would you like to be somewhere else right at this moment?
What are you on the lookout for in a relationship?
If you had three wishes, what would it be?
Describe yourself in five words or less!
If you were given an entire day off with your date, how would you spend your time?
Tell me about your favorite movie.
What according to you is your most treasured possession?
Can you define love in your own way?
What would you like to change about yourself?
How would you like to spend a Sunday morning?
What qualities are you looking for in a girlfriend?
Would you mind if my mom joined us on a date as well?
What was your favorite childhood television program?
Are you a collector of anything?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
What do you usually think about right before falling asleep?
What's your favorite color?
What's your favorite animal?
Do you believe in extraterrestrials or life on other planets?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Ever been addicted to a game? Which one(s)?
Have any bad habits?
List 3 of your best personality traits.
List 3 of your worst personality traits.
Have any celebrity crushes?
What's the first thing you notice in the opposite sex?
What personality traits do you look for in a partner?
What personality traits do you dislike in other people?
Name 2 regrets you have.
Name 1 thing you miss about being a kid.
What's your favorite song of the moment?
What's your favorite thing to do on a Saturday night?
What's your favorite thing to do on a Sunday afternoon?
Have any hidden talents?
You're about to walk the green mile, what do you have as your last meal?
Which would you rather have, 100 million dollars or true love?
Ever wish you were born the opposite sex? If so, why?
If you HAD to change your name, what would you change it to?
Do you believe in the afterlife?
What is your favorite non-alcoholic drink?
What is your favorite month or season?
Have you ever bungee jumped?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Have you ever played truth or dare?
Have you ever been in a hot tub?
Have you ever swam in the ocean?
Have you ever broken someone's heart?
Have you ever sat by the phone all night waiting for someone to call?
Who was the last person you slow danced with?
Which is your favorite genre of movies?
What do you do when you are feeling very sad or depressed?
Which is the best vacation you’ve ever had in your life?
If you could have a luncheon with any three people, which 3 would you choose and why?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done?
In case you and I were going out and we had a fight. How would you try to patch things up?
Which is your most favorite place in this earth?
If you were stranded on a lonely beach, what are the five things that you would want to survive?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever done?
Have you used drugs?
Do you like to shop?
Favorite things to do alone?
Do you save money?
If you found a $100 what would you do?
What is one food you will never give up?
How many cds and dvds to you own?
Ever been in love with 2 people at the same time?
Favorite all time movie?
Worst movie you have ever seen?
If you could retire tomorrow what would you do?
Three places you would love to visit?
Dumbest purchase you ever made?
Where did you find money when you were flat broke?
Ever hit a jackpot on a slot machine?
How old do you want to live to?
What is your favorite restaurant in town and why?
What is your favorite book and why?
What is your favorite magazine and why?
Who is your favorite artist and why?
What is your favorite activity and why?
What is your favorite holiday and why?
What is your favorite color and why?
What is your favorite place you have traveled to and why?
Are you an art person or a sport person?
Are you a dog or cat person?
What do you when you have a day off?
What is your most visited website?
Do you play any instrument and do you still play?
How long have you been living at where you live now?
Are you closer to your dad or your mom?
What is the first job you have had?
What was your favorite subject when you were in school and why?
Do you keep in touch with your friends in school?
If you are an author, what book would you write?
If you could choose any career you want, what would you choose?
If you could work for anyone you choose, who would it be?
If you could start any company you want, what would it be?
If you could speak any language you want to speak, what would it be?
When was the last time you cried?
Have you ever faked sick?
What was the last lie you said?
Have you ever cried during a movie?
Have you ever danced in the rain?
Do you smoke?
What is your full name?
What is your blood type?
Have you ever been in a car accident?
How old were you when you recieved your first kiss?
Have you ever been rejected by a crush?
Have you ever made a prank phone call?
Have you ever said "I Love you" and not meant it?
Is there anything that you have done that you regret?
Do you believe in karma?
What are you afraid of?
Are you religious?
Who do you trust the most?
What is the best compliment you have ever recieved?
What is the meanest thing anyone has said about you?
What is your greatest strength?
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your perfect pizza?
Do you get along with your family?
Who would you want to be tied to for 24 hours?
Have you ever seen a dead body?
What is one thing scientists should invent?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Do you watch or read the news?
If you could go back in time to one point in your life, where would you go?
What do you want your friends to think about you?
If you could go back and change one day, what would it be?
Have you ever written a love letter?
Do you prefer boxers or briefs?
What is one thing you want me to know about you?
How do you vent your anger?
Have you ever been on a diet?
Have you ever hated someone?
Do you consider yourself popular?
Are you happy with the person you are becoming?
Are you happy with the life you have?
What is your general philosophy of life?
What is the worst thing you have lived through?
Are you allergic to anything, and if so, what?
Last time you got sick?
Last thing you made with your own hands?
Where do you get your news from?
If you had to challenge someone to a duel, what would your weapon of choice be?
What is happiness according to you?
What do you want on your tombstone?
Who is your favorite actor or actress and why?
What is the best advice you ever had?
Do you like to French kiss?
If you could choose any career you want, what would you choose and why?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what should it be?
Where were you born? Hospital? Home? Birth center? What city?
Do you have any STDs? Do you use drugs? 
Have you every shoplifted? Do you drink while driving?
Whats something you do that not many people know about?
What is your favorite activity and why?
If you could be an animal, which animal do you think you would be?
Do you believe there is one soul mate out there for you?
How well do you know your cousins?
What is your favorite movie and why?
If you could travel to anywhere in the world right now, where would you go and why?
How long have you been living at where you live now?
Have you ever taken drugs? You know, like marijuana, methamphetamine, or acid?
If you are allowed to do just only one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you know you are not going to get caught, are you going to cheat on me?
What do you think is the most important thing in your life?
Does your family have any traditions?
What was the last concert you have attended? Did you like it?
When I fell from a cliff, are you going to follow me because you love me truly?
Do you think you’re cute?
If you are an author, what book would you write and why?
I do not want to have sex till we marry, is this a problem?
What makes a person attractive in your opinion?
Have you ever been dating more than one girl at the same time?
What kind of girls do you like?
What is your all-time favourite song and why?
What is your favorite song and why?
Do you see yourself with children at some point in the future?
If you could speak any language you want to speak, what would it be and why?
What is your favorite drink and why?
What was your favorite cartoon or comic when you were growing up?
Do you believe in God? Why?
Who's played the most influential part in your life?
What is your dream house like?
Do you think that I am good?
If you could start your own restaurant, what would it be and why?
What is the most cheesiest, fattest fat-filled, calories-filled food you like to hog on?
Have you ever rented an X-rated movie or own any porn magazines? Can I see them?
What is your favorite place you have traveled to and why?
What does your Mom do? What does your Dad do?
What is your favorite restaurant in town and why?
What is the best way to keep in touch with you?
If you had to describe your family in one sentence, how would you do it?
Want to marry your girlfriend just because she was pregnant?
What is your favorite magazine and why?
If you have a super power, what do you want?
What do you do in a typical day?
Is Cheating ever OK?
Do you have a pet?
Have you ever kissed more than one girl in the same day?
What do you like watching the most on television?
What is the last movie you just saw and did you like it?
What is your most visited website and why?
Do you think my breasts are big and round enough?
What is your favorite family memory?
What are your major goals in life?
Where would you go for your next vacation (if money is not a concern)?
Do you have any siblings?
Do you think "happily ever after" exists?
What do you think about love at first sight?
What is your favorite food and why?
If you could live in any period in history, what would it be and why?
If you had a lot of money, where would we go on vacation?
Where did your family go for vacations in the summer?
What do you do when you are bored?
What was your first impression of me? How accurate do you now think it was?
If you could choose anyone to be your husband or wife, who would it be and why?
What do you think of right before bedtime?
Are you on facebook, livejournal, hi5 or myspace?
Do you have posters up on your room walls?
If you could start any company you want, what would it be and why?
What do you when you have nothing much to do?
If you could be actor or actress you want to be, who would you be and why?
Suppose I had an accident and was left with horrible scars, would you still love me?
What is your favorite color and why?
What was the highlight of your last vacation?
Have you ever said "I love you" but you didn't mean it?
How do I smell?
If you come to know that I killed someone, what would be your reaction?
Where did you grow up and do you miss it?
If you have three wishes free, what do you wish?
Ever consider phone sex?
How would you describe yourself in a sentence?
What is your favorite book and why?
Whats your ideal girl?
If you could be world leader you want to be, who would you be and why?
What is your worst dating experience?
Do you see yourself married at some point?
What jobs do your parents do?
If you could work in any company in the world, what would it be and why?
If you could play any instrument you choose, what would it be and why?
How many brothers or sisters do you have?
Being touched in what part of your body would turn you on the most?
What is your favorite vacation spot and why?
What is your idea of a date?
If God gave you one wish, what would you ask for?
Which has been the best decision you ever made?
Who is your favorite artist and why?
Can I trust you with my secrets?
If you were a car, what kind of car would you be?
What do you see yourself doing in 5 years?
If you could work for anyone you choose, who would it be and why?
Let's say you're planning a nice dinner party but could only invite 3 people, who would you invite and why?
Why do banks charge a fee on “insufficient funds” when they know there is not enough?
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
Why do they use sterilised needles for death by lethal injection?
Whose idea was it to put an “S” in the word “lisp”?
What is the speed of darkness?
Why do Kamikaze pilots wear helmets?
If it’s true that we are here to help others, what are the others doing here?
If someone with a split personality threatens to commit suicide, is it a hostage situation?
What level of importance must a person have, before they are considered assassinated instead of just murdered
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are flat?
Why do banks charge a fee on "insufficient funds" when they know there is not enough?
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
Why doesn't glue stick to the bottle?
Why do they use sterilised needles for death by lethal injection?
Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard?
Why does Superman stop bullets with his chest, but ducks when you throw a gun at him?
Are there specially reserved parking spaces for non-disabled people at The Special Olympics?
If you send someone 'Styrofoam', how do you pack it?
If the temperature is zero outside today and it's going to be twice as cold tomorrow, how cold will it be?
If people evolved from apes, why are there still apes?
If it's true that we are here to help others, what are the others doing here?
Do married people live longer than single ones or does it only seem longer?
If someone with a split personality threatens to commit suicide, is it a hostage situation?
If the "black box" survives every plane crash, why not make the entire plane out of that stuff?
If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
Instead of talking to your plants, if you yell at them would they still grow, only to be troubled and insecure?
Isn't it a little scary that a doctor's work is called practice?
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?
Shouldn't it be called a "near hit" rather than a "near miss"?
There are 24 hours in a day, and 24 beers in a case. Coincidence?
What hair color do they put on the driver's license of a bald man?
What is a free gift? Aren't all gifts free?
When you choke a Smurf, what color does it turn?
Whose cruel idea was it for the word "lisp" to have an "s" in it?
Why is there an eject button on the VCR remote? Don't you have to get up to get to the tape?
Why are builders afraid to have a 13th floor but book publishers aren't afraid to have a Chapter 11?
Why are there flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes?
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii?
Why do fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing?
Why do they call them "apartments" when they are all stuck together?
Why do "tug" boats push their barges?
Why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
Why do we sing "Take me out to the ball game", when we are already there?
Why do people without a watch look at their wrist when you ask them what time it is?
Why does "slow down" and "slow up" mean the same thing?
Why do we say things "go off" when they are actually turning on?
Why does flammable and inflammable mean the same thing?
Why don't you ever see baby crows or pigeons?
Why is it building "buildings", shouldn't they be called a "built" when completed?
Why is a person who plays the piano called a pianist, but a person who drives a race car not called a racist?
Why is it called "after dark", when it is really after light?
Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?
Why is lemon juice mostly artificial ingredients but dishwashing liquid contains real lemons?
Why is Mickey Mouse bigger than his dog Pluto?
Why is there only one commission that determines monopolies?
Why do banks charge you a "non-sufficient funds fee" on money they know you don't have?
What's another word for thesaurus? What's another word for synonym?
What is the speed of dark?
What do you do when you discover and an endangered animal that only eats endangered plants?
Why are there Braille signs on drive-up ATM's?
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injections?
Why do kamikaze pilots wear helmets?
Did Adam and Eve have navels?
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you?
But when you take him in a car, he sticks his head out the window!
Do one legged ducks swim in circles?
Do atheists get insurance for acts of God?
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Does anybody ever vanish with a trace?
How come Superman could stop bullets with his chest, but always ducked when someone threw a gun at him?
How come you press harder on a remote control when you know the battery is dead?
How does a shelf salesman keep his store from looking empty?
How fast do you have to go to keep up with the sun so you're never in darkness?
Do You Like Going Window Shopping?
Can You Tell If Someone Is Lying To You?
Have You Ever Had A Long Lasting Disease?
Do You Have Any Undiscovered Or Hidden Talents? If So, What?
Favorite All Time Movie?
Are Looks Important In A Relationship?
Do You Currently Play Any Sports? If So, What?
Do You Follow Trends?
Do You Have Anything That You Especially Like In Another Person?
Are You More Like Your Mom Or Your Dad?
Did Anyone Help You Figure Out How To Ask Me Out On A First Date?
Did You Ever Get Lost?
Are You The Same Person You Were As A Child, Or Much Different?
Hey, Do You Want To Have A Kid?
Do You Read? Has Any Particular Book Influenced You Or Left A Life-Changing Impact?
Do You Believe In Destiny?
Ever Broken Any Bones?
Do You Own A House?
Have You Ever Stood Up For Someone You Hardly Knew?
Do You Like MTV?
Describe Your Country?
Have You Ever Felt Like You Hit Rock Bottom?
Have You Heard Of Any Successful "Love Potions?
Are You A Touchy & Feely Person?
Are You Artistic And Creative?
Enlighten Us About Carbon Footprints?
Everyone Has A Mission In Life. What Do You Think Your Mission Is?
Do You Dream Often?
Have You Ever Eated Crocodile Or Snake Meat?
Do You Believe In Love At First Sight?
Do You Like Winter Time?
Can You Decribe Your Dream House For Me?
Have You Ever Had A Spending Problem?
Do You Like Playing Any Sports?
Do You Think Your Family Will Like Me?
Do You Like Eating Out At Restaurants?
At What Point Does A Girl Become A Woman?
Have You Ever Lost Someone You Really Loved?
Have You Ever Taken Any Anti-Depressants Or Anxiety Medication?
Do You Think Fairy Tales Influence Our Choice Of A Partner?
Have You Ever Had Surgery On Your Nose?
Any Tattoos?
Do You Prefer Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Or Neither?
Do You Think The Family Of A Murder Victim Should Have Any Say In What Punishment Is Given To The Murderer?
Do You Think That Age Difference Is Important When Dating?
Do You Still Have Pictures Of You & Your Ex?
Are You An Emotional Person?
Do You Tell Your Friends What We Are Doing Together?
Had Plans And Broke Them?
Do You Daydream Sometimes? What Do You Often Daydream About?
Do You Really Know All The Words To Your National Anthem?
Are You Named After A Grandparent?
Do You Like My Friends?
Have You Ever Had A Crush On An Animated Character?
Have You Learned Something Important From Life?
Have You Ever Loaned Money To Your Friends And Family?
Are There Any Causes You Strongly Believe In?
Have You Ever Cheated On A Test?
Do You Like Soda Or Pop?
Ever Seen A Therapist?
Do People Tell You That You Act Older, Younger, Or Your Age?
Have You Ever Regretted Something?
Do You Consider It More Important To Be Liked Or Respected? Why?
Are You Good At Cooking?
Favorite Soda?
All Of Your Life, Your Parents Have Taught You. What Have You Taught Your Parents?
Favourite Cheese?
Describe A Typical Day In Your Life?
Are You Good At Making New Friends?
Favorite Celebrity?
How Do You Generally Spend Your Weekends?
Do You Believe That Dreams Can Be Messages From A “Higher Level”?
How Big Is Your Bed?
Give Me The Names Of People You Love Most And Why?
Did You Ever See Your Parents Making Love?
Do You Have A Lot Of Friends Of The Opposite Gender?
Do You Like Italian Food?
Do You Have Any Weird Habits?
Do You Make Friends Easy?
Did You Have Pets Growing Up?
Have You Ever Cheated On Someone Sexually?
Can You Think Of Something You Craved For When You Were Young And Were Denied?
Are You Mostly A Clean Or Messy Person?
Date Someone Older Or Younger?
Dumbest Purchase You Ever Made?
Have You Ever Swam In The Ocean?
How Are You Feeling Right Now?
Have You Ever Participated In Any Alternative Lifestyles?
Have You Ever Cried Over A Girl/Boy?
Are There Any People You Think Are Just Better Than Others?
Do You Live In A House Or An Apartment?
How Do You Make Decisions?
Do You Have A Secret No One But You Knows?
Give Me The Names Of 3 People You Dislike Most And Why?
Do You Have Any Scars I Don’t Know About?
Ever Toilet Papered Someone’s House?
Do You Get Jealous Easy?
Have You Ever Hated Someone?
Current Friend That You Have Known The Longest?
Do You Read The Bible?
Do You Play A Musical Instrument?
Do You Like Chinese Food?
Do I Ever Embarrass You In Public?
Have You Ever Won A Prize In A Contest?
Do You Eat Meat?
For You, What Is The Most Important Thing In Life?
Do You Have Any Special Talents?
Have You Ever Set A Living Organism On Fire?
Have You Ever Been On A Diet?
Do You Believe In Hell?
Have You Ever Walked Out On A Movie At The Theater?
Do People Underestimate Or Overestimate You?
Do You Think Blind Dates Are A Good Way To Meet Someone Special?
Do You Prefer Boxers Or Briefs?
Do You Regret Anything?
Do You Love Me More Than Your Mom?
Does Your Partner Need To Go With You?
3 Physical Features You Get Complimented On A Lot?
Friend You've Had The Longest?
Ever Been Kissed Under Fireworks?
Reality Show Fan?
Do You Like All Your Friends?
Do You Have Strong Feelings About Animals?
Have You Ever Loved Someone So Much That It Hurt?
Do You Want To Dance?
Do You Ever Want To Get Married?
Describe The Last Good Vacation You Went On?
Do You Have Posters Up On Your Room Walls?
Have You Ever Been Stood Up?
Have You Ever Regretted One Of Your “Romantic Encounters”?
Do You Like Where You Live?
Describe Yourself In A Single Sentence?
Do You Believe In The Afterlife?
Ever Been Addicted To A Game? Which One(S)?
Do You Believe In The Devil?
Do You Believe In Ghosts?
Describe The Character Of The Person You Would Like To Date?
Give The Names Of 3 Things You Dislike Most And Why?
Ever Been Cheated On?
Have You Ever Had A Crush On A Friend's Gf?
Are You A Member Of Any Societies Or Or Associations?
How Do You Know You Are In A Relationship?
Do You Take Showers In The Morning Or At Night More?
Did You Know I Knew We Were Meant To Be Together?
How Did You Rebel As A Child?
Have You Ever Made A Prank Phone Call?
Do You Have Brothers And Sisters?
Do You Have A Personal Website You Would Like People To Visit?
How About The Great Outdoors?
Do You Like Music? If So What Kind?
How Do You Feel About Gender Roles In The Workplace?
Can You Narrate To Me Your Proudest Moment?
Have You Ever Sang In Front Of The Mirror Like Your Favorite Singer?
Describe Your Dream Vacation?
Do You Think It Is Right To Continue Seeing A Person If He Has Not Introduced You To His Family Yet?
Do You Own Or Use A Desktop Computer Or A Laptop?
Describe Beauty In Less Than 10 Words?
Do You Have Any Allergies?
Did You Ever Wear Braces?
Best Vacation?
Did You Like Me Instantly?
Can You...Uh...Change The Way You Look?
Do You Want To Have Children? Why?
Do You Ever Feel Like Your Partners Are Too Clingy?
Do You Know What A 'Blind Date' Is?
Describe To Me The Perfect Date?
Do You Have Any Pet Names? If Yes, Then How Did You Get Them?
Do You Have A Tattoo?
Do You Drive Or Take The Train When Dating?
Do You Have Debts? What Kind? How Much?
Favorite Midnight Snack?
Have You Ever Been So Drunk That You Blacked Out?
According To You, How Do We Fight Global Warming?
Are You A Bad Person?
Did You Ever Arrange A Blind Date?
Do You Have A "Type" That You Normally Date?
Do You Believe That The Cup Is Half Empty Or Half Full? Give Reasons For Your Answer?
Have You Thrown Up In A Car?
Do You Remember Who Taught You To Ride A Bike?
Are You An Introvert Or An Extrovert?
Do You Think Our President Is A Good President?
Bath Or Shower?
Do You Like To Go Camping?
Do You Believe In Extraterrestrials Or Life On Other Planets?
Do You Like To Go Dancing?
Do You Have Any Relatives In Jail?
What were you like when you were a kid?
When was the first time that you had beer?
What happened?
If you had a billion dollars, what would you do with it?
What would your dream house be like?
If you could change something about yourself, what would it be & why?
Describe your fighting style: drunken master or angry monkey?
What last made you laugh?
Spontaneity or stability?
Do you like kids?
What is your favorite word?
What is your least favorite word?
What turns you on creatively, spiritually or emotionally?
What turns you off?
What is your favorite curse word?
What is your full name?
When is your birthday?
Who do you live with?
Do you dream often?
If you wrote a journal entry about our last date, what would it say?
Which do you prefer giving or receiving?
What do you do for school and work?
What music do you listen to the most?
Do you like to read? If so...favorite book(s)?
Name your 3 closest friends. Which one is your very best friend?
How often do you really "go out"?
Have you ever lost anyone you loved?
What sound or noise do you love?
Ever been in true love?
On a scale of 1-5 how organized are you?
Do you excercise regularly? If so, how often?
What is your zodiac sign?
Have any nick names? If so, what?
Name a couple of T.V. shows you watch a lot?
Name a movie or movies you can watch over and over?
Do you have tattoos? If yes, how many and where are they?
Any piercings? If yes, how many and where are they?
Do you have siblings? If so, how many?
Are your parents still together?
What is/was your worst subject in school?
Do you currently play any sports? If so, what?
Do you like to dance?
Name your 2 favorite colors and why?
Do people tell you that you act older, younger, or your age?
Ever had an imaginary friend as a child?
Ever been skinny dipping?
Did/Do you enjoy highschool for the most part?
Do any drugs? If yes, what?
Do you drink? If yes, how often?
Do you smoke? If yes, how much?
Ever been in a physical fight? If yes how many and who were they with?
Have you ever cheated in a relationship?
What's your definition of cheating?
Do you wear pajamas to places other than at your house?
Have you ever stolen anything from a store or from someone?
Ever cheated on a test?
Ever been in any legal trouble?
Do you regret anything?
Name 5 of the most important things in your life?
How many languages can you speak and what are they?
Are you a touchy feely person?
Do you take showers in the morning or at night more?
Do you trust easily?
Do you have any phobias?
Are you a heavy or light sleeper?
Are you a morning person?
Ever had surgery? If yes, for what reason?
Ever come close to death?
Ever broken any bones?
When you die, would you rather be burried or cremated?
Do you play any instruments? If so, what?
Have you been told you can sing well more than once?
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot?
Name your least favorite feature?
Name the clothing store you shop at the most?
What is your religion or do you not really have one?
Ever been cheated on?
Ever had a one night stand? If so, how many and do you regret any of them?
Current friend that you have known the longest?
Name someone you can tell just about anything to?
Where were you born?
Do any of your close friends have children?
Are any of them married?
Have you ever taken any anti-depressants or anxiety medication?
Ever seen a therapist?
Did/do you transfer schools a lot?
Favorite animal to have as a pet?
How many floors does your home have?
How many bedrooms and bathrooms?
Do you live in a neighborhood or in the middle of nowhere?
Name your 5 favorite foods?
Do you like to shop?
Something or someone you miss the most from childhood?
Are you usually late, early or right on time?
Are you happy with your life for the most part right now?
You can have one of the following two things: trust/love?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
Are you the kind of friend that you would want to have as a friend?
Your best friend dies, what would you do?
When and how was the last time you told someone HONESTLY how you felt?
What would be harder for you, to tell someone you love them or that you do not love them back?
What do you think would be the hardest thing for you to give up on?
Would you give a homeless person CPR if they were dying?
Are you old fashioned?
Which would you choose, true love with a guarantee of a heart break or have never loved before?
If you could do anything OR wish for anything that would come true, what would you wish?
Whats your middle name?
How big is your bed?
What music are you listening to right now?
What are the last 4 digits in your cellphone number?
What was the last thing you ate?
Who was the last person you hugged?
How is the weather right now?
Who was the last person you talked to on the phone?
What is the first thing you notice in the opposite sex?
Do you drink?
Ever get so drunk you don't remember the entire night?
Your favorite hair color?
Your favorite eye colour?
Your favorite holiday?
Have you ever cried over a girl/boy?
Which was the last good movie you watched?
What books are you reading?
Have you ever truly loved someone?
Who would you like to see right now?
Have you ever fired a gun?
Do you like to travel by plane?
Are you Right-handed or Left-handed?
If you could go to any place right now where would you go?
Are you missing someone?
Do you have a tattoo?
Do you still watch cartoons on Saturday mornings?
Are you hiding something from someone?
Do you have any pet names?
How did you get them?
What would you like me to call you as, other than your name?
Did you grow up here?
Which are your favorite bands or singers?
What school activities do you or did you participate in?
Where were you born?
Do you have any siblings?
Where did your family go for vacations in the summer?
What jobs do your parents do?
What did you call your grandparents?
(ex. Grammy, Grandpa, etc.) Do you have a pet?
What were your childhood pets?
Does your pet do any tricks?
How old is your pet?
What is on your bedside table?
Do you have posters up on your room walls?
Do you still have tonsils?
Which do you prefer - Coke or Pepsi?
What is your idea of a romantic date?
At what age do you wish to marry?
Which color do you like the most?
When did you fall in love with me?
What is the thing you love most about me?
Did you like me instantly?
If you had a lot of money, where would we go on vacation?
What are your major goals in life?
Have you ever lied to me and if so, why?
Do you see us together in another year, 3 years, 5 or so?
If you have the chance, what would you probably say to your beloved one?
Where is the place that you want to go the most?
Which part of you that you hate the most?
Which colors do you like me wearing for you?
When you encounter a sad moment, what would you do?
What are you 3 favorite activities?
What types of movies do you enjoy?
Tell me something about your childhood?
Do you have any siblings?
How do you get along with your family?
Where do you live?
Do you work?
What do you like to do in your free time?
Have any bad habits?
Describe yourself in 3 words. What’s the first thing you notice in the opposite sex?
What personality traits do you look for in a partner?
What do you most appreciate in life?
Are you mostly a clean or messy person?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
List 5 goals on your life’s to-do list?
Name 1 regret you have?
What’s your favorite thing to do on a Saturday night?
What`s your favorite song of all time?
What would be the main reason that anyone would wish to be in a relationship with you?
You see yourself getting married in the next 5 years?
What would be your dream job?
If you won 10 million dollars, what would you do?
If you dug a hole through the center of the earth and jumped in, would you stay at the center because of gravity?
If a person dies and then springs back to life, do they get their money back for the coffin?
Why do people think that swaying their arm back and forth would change the direction of a bowling ball?
If girls with large breasts work at Hooters, then do girls with one leg work at IHOP?
Why is it that everyone driving faster than you is considered an idiot and everyone driving slower than you is a moron?
If pro and con are opposites, wouldn't the opposite of progress be congress?
Why does grape flavor smell the way it is when actual grapes don't taste or smell anything like it.
If a lesbian has sex with other women but never with another man is she still considered a virgin?
If a kid refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Is it rude for a deaf person to talk (sign) with their mouth full of food?
What's the difference between normal ketchup and fancy ketchup?
If a transvesite goes missing, would youu put their face on a carton of Half and Half?
Why is the Lone Ranger called 'Lone' if he always has his Indian friend Tonto with him?
When does it stop being partly cloudy and start being partly sunny?
Are eyebrows considered facial hair?
If a baby's leg pops out at 11:59PM but his head doesn't come out until 12:01, which day was he born on?
In the song Yankee Doodle, is he calling the horse or the feather "macaroni"?
Is there a time limit on fortune cookie predictions?
Since bread is square, then why is sandwich meat round?
Do they have the word "dictionary" in the dictionary?
Can you daydream at night?
Why is it that on a phone or calculator the number five has a little dot on it?
Can crop circles be square?
If ghosts can walk through walls and glide down stairs, why don't they fall through the floor?
Is it legal to travel down a road in reverse, as long as your following the direction of the traffic?
When Atheists go to court, do they have to swear on the bible?
Why is vanilla ice cream white when vanilla extract is brown?
Can animals commit suicide?
What do you do when you see an endangered animal that is eating an endangered plant?
If a doctor suddenly had a heart attack while doing surgery, would the other doctors work on the doctor or the patient?
How can something be "new" and "improved"? if it's new, what was it improving on?
Why aren't drapes double sided so it looks nice on the inside and outside of your home?
When two people marry, they say, "you may kiss the bride". What do they say if two MEN get married?
Why is it that when we "skate on thin ice", we can "get in hot water"?
Why do people say beans beans the magical fruit when beans are vegetables?
If laughter is the best medicine, who's the idiot who said they 'died laughing'?
If money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches?
Why are the little styrofoam pieces called peanuts?
Why does the Easter bunny carry eggs? Rabbits don't lay eggs.
Do siamese twins pay for one ticket or two tickets when they go to movies and concerts?
Why are they called 'Jolly Ranchers'? Who said that the ranchers were jolly?
Why does caregiver and caretaker mean the same thing?
Can a short person "talk down" to a taller person?
If a bald person works as a chef at a restaurant, do they have to wear a hairnet?
If milk goes bad if not refrigerated, does it go bad if the cow isnt refrigerated?
How fast do hotcakes sell?
Do prison buses have emergency exits?
Do astronauts change their clocks when they move over different time zones in space?
Can a black person join the kkk?
When lightning strikes the ocean why don't all the fish die?
When there's two men who "get married", do they both go to the same bachelor party?
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii?
Do Jewish vampires avoid crosses or Stars of David?
If London Bridge is standing why is there a song about it falling down?
Why is it that before 9/11 they always showed the emergency broadcast system test, and on 9/11 they never used it?
If a nursing mother had her nipples pierced would the milk come out of all three holes?
Who was Sadie Hawkins?
If a stripper gets breast implants can she write it off on her taxes as a business expense?
If parents say, "Never take candy from strangers" then why do we celebrate Halloween?
Do the minutes on the movie boxes include the previews, credits, and special features, or just the movie itself?
Is there ever a day that mattresses are not on sale?
What does PU stand for (as in "PU, that stinks!")?
Why do we put suits in a garment bag and put garments in a suitcase?
What is the stage of a reptile when it has eggs in it but they haven't been laid. Are they pregnant?
If Mars had earthquakes would they be called marsquakes?
Why do people never say "it's only a game" when they're winning?
If an ambulance is on its way to save someone, and it runs someone over, does it stop to help them?
Why is it called a funny bone, when if you hit it, it's not funny at all?
Do you yawn in your sleep?
Why do dogs like the smell of other dogs butts?
If a cannible was on death row could he ask for the last guy that was electricuted for his last meal?
Do Chinese people get English sayings tattooed on their bodies?
Do glow-in-the-dark objects stop glowing when somebody turns the lights on?
If you died with braces on would they take them off?
If someone has their nose pierced, have a cold, and take thier nose ring out. Does snot come out of the piercing hole?
How come lemon washing up liquid contains real lemons, but lemon juice contains artificial flavorings.
Do you wake up or open your eyes first?
Did Noah have woodpeckers on the ark? If he did, where did he keep them?
Why are builders afraid to have a 13th floor but book publishers aren't afraid to have a Chapter 11?
How do you handcuff a one-armed man?
If the FBI breaks your door down do they have to pay for it?
In some books, why do they have blank pages at the very end?
Why can't donuts be square?
Why put a towel in the dirty clothes basket if when you get out of the shower you are clean?
What happens to an irrisitable force when it hits an immovable object?
If there's a speed of sound and a speed of light is there a speed of smell?
Why do overalls have bel loops, since they are held up at the top by the straps?
Do people in prison celebrate halloween.... if so how?
Do the security guards at airports have to go through airport security when they get to work?
Why are all of the Harry Potter spells in Latin if they're English?
What do Greeks say when they don't understand something?
What happens if a queen gives birth to a pair of siamese twins? Who gets to be king?
Do all-boys schools have girls bathrooms? Conversely, do all-girls schools have boys bathrooms?
Are children who act in rated 'R' movies allowed to see them?
How come cats butts go up when you pet them?
What would happen to the sea's water level if every boat in the World was taken out of the water at the same time?
How come you never see a billboard being put up by the highway?
Do the English people eat English muffins, or are they just called muffins?
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in it?
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors?
Why does Jello have a smell when you add the powder in the water, but when it "gels" the smell is gone?
Why are dogs noses always wet?
If a bee is allergic to pollen would it get the hives?
Why do people say "heads up" when you should duck?
Why is it OK for dudes to slap other dudes' asses in football, but not in any other situation?
Why does triangularly cut bread taste better than square bread?
Why does a round pizza come in a square box?
At what point in man's evolution did he start wiping his ass?
Do bald people get Dandruff?
Why is it that no matter what color bubble bath you use the bubbles are always white?
Why do superheros wear their underwear on the outside of their clothes?
If you get cheated by the Better Business Bureau, who do you complain to?
When sign makers go on strike, is anything written on their signs?
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
Can you cry under water?
Why Does Pluto Live in a dog house, eat dog food, etc. but Goofy, who is also a dog, lives in a condo and drives a car?
If you blew a bubble in space would it pop?
Are children who use sign language allowed to talk with their mouth full?
How come all of the planets are spherical?
How did the first women ever to shave their legs know that the skin wouldn't just peel right off?
when a pregnant lady has twins, is there 1 or 2 umbilical cords?
Why doesn't Winnie the Pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with?
Why do they put holes in crackers?
Can you still say "Put it where the sun don't shine " on a nude beach?
What do people in China call their good plates?
How come toy hippos are always blue, or purple, when real hippos are brown?
Why don't woodpeckers get headaches when they slam their head on a tree all day?
If someone owns a piece of land, do they own it all the way to the center of the earth?
If an escalotor breaks down, does it become stairs?
Why do they call him Donkey Kong if he is not a donkey?
Why do they say a football team is the 'world champion' when they don't play anybody outside the US?
Do stuttering people stutter when they're thinking to themselves?
If you put a chameleon in a room full of mirrors, what color would it turn?
What are the handles for corn on the cob called?
Why do British people never sound British when they sing?
Why do we press the start button to turn off the computer?
Do your eyes change color when you die?
Were Mary and Joseph's surname Christ before Jesus was born?
If a bunch of cats jump on top of each other, is it still called a dog pile?
Do sheep get static cling when they rub against one another?
In libraries, do they put the bible in the fiction or non-fiction section?
How old are you before it can be said you died of old age?
If K.F.C Stands for Kentucky Fried Chicken, Why do they play sweet home Alabama on the comercials?
If people with one arm go to get their nails done, do they pay half price?
What type of animal is Snuffaluffagus?
Can a hearse carrying a corpse drive in the carpool lane?
If a king is gay and marries another guy what is that guy to the royal family?
Why do they call it "getting your dog fixed" if afterwards it doesn't work anymore?
Does a 'Marks-A-Lot' marker, mark any more than a regular marker?
If you really could dig a hole to China, and you did, and you fell in, would you stop in the middle because of gravity?
If the funeral procession is at night, do folks drive with their headlights off?
What happens when you put a lightsaber in water?
On Gilligan's Island, how did Ginger have so many different outfits when they were only going on a 3 hour tour?
If I had my legs amputated, would I have to change my height and weight on my driver's license?
If nobody buys a ticket to a movie do they still show it?
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
Do movie producers still say lights, camera, and action when it is a dark scene?
What do you call male ballerinas?
How does Freddy Kruger wipe his butt?
Why are the numbers on a calculator and a phone reversed?
Why are plastic bears the only animal you can get honey from? Why can't you get honey from a plastic bee?
Can bald men get lice?
Do butterflies remember life as a caterpillar?
If you undergo chemotherapy do you lose your pubic hairs?
Why do people constantly return to the refrigerator with hopes that something new to eat will have materialized?
Does the postman deliver his own mail?
Why does toilet bowl cleaner only come in the color blue?
What happens when you put hand sanitizer on a place other then your hand?
Why are women and men's shoe sizes different?
Can you "stare off into space" when you're in space?
Where do people in Hell tell other people to go?
Is "vice-versa" to a dyslexic just plain redundant?
How come you can kill a deer and put it up on your wall. but it's illegal to keep one as a pet?
Why do we say we're head over heels when we're happy? Isn't that the way we normally are?
If prunes are dehydrated plums, where does prune juice come from?
Is it appropriate to say "good mourning" at a funeral?
If there's an exception to every rule, is there an exception to that rule?
When you're caught "between a rock and a hard place", is the rock not hard?
Was Jesus a virgin when he died?
Why is there a light in the fridge and not in the freezer?
Doesn't a lightning rod on top of church show a lack of faith?
Who coined the phrase, 'coined the phrase?'
If you soak a raisin in water, does it turn back into a grape?
How important does a person have to be before they are considered assassinated instead of just murdered?
Why do they call steam rollers, steam rollers? They don't produce, get rid of, or have anythong to do with steam.
What is another word for "thesaurus"?
Have you ever had the feeling you were being watched?
So, do you really think we evolved from apes? Seriously?
What would you do if you were the last person on this earth?
If you did not want to ignore something obvious, what will it be?
If you could write something to change the world, what would it be?
Did Adam and Eve have navels?
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you?
But when you take him in a car, he sticks his head out the window!
Do one legged ducks swim in circles?
Do atheists get insurance for acts of God?
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Does anybody ever vanish with a trace?
How come Superman could stop bullets with his chest, but always ducked when someone threw a gun at him?
How come you press harder on a remote control when you know the battery is dead?
How does a shelf salesman keep his store from looking empty?
How fast do you have to go to keep up with the sun so you're never in darkness?
How is the handicapped parking situation handled at the Special Olympics?
How can the weather be hot as hell one day and cold as hell another?
If a mute child swears, does his mother make him wash his hands with soap?
If a synchronized swimmer drowns, does her partner also have to drown?
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
If all the world is a stage, where is the audience sitting?
If an orange is orange, why isn't a lime called a green or a lemon called a yellow?
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge, would they call it Fed UP?
How many people thought of the Post-It note before it was invented but just didn't have anything to jot it down on?
If 7-11 is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, why are there locks on the doors?
If a chronic liar tells you he is a chronic liar do you believe him?
If sour cream is past its expiration date is it good then?
If a tree falls in the forest without anyone there, does it still make a sound? Do the other trees make fun of it?
If it's zero degrees outside today and it's supposed to be twice as cold tomorrow, how cold is it going to be?
If people from Poland are called Poles, why aren't people from Holland called Holes?
If pro is the opposite of con, is progress the opposite of congress?
If quitters never win, and winners never quit, who came up with, "Quit while you're ahead"?
If Superglue is so good why doesn't it stick to the inside of the tube?
If the folks at the psychic hotlines were really psychic, wouldn't they call you first?
If the plural of tooth is teeth, why isn't the plural of booth beeth?
If women ran the Pentagon, would missiles and submarines be shaped differently?
If you have a friend who works for the Psychic Friends Network, do you plan a surprise birthday party for them?
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
If the "black box" survives every plane crash, why not make the entire plane out of that stuff?
If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
Instead of talking to your plants, if you yell at them would they still grow, only to be troubled and insecure?
Isn't it a little scary that a doctor's work is called practice?
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?
Shouldn't it be called a "near hit" rather than a "near miss"?
There are 24 hours in a day, and 24 beers in a case. Coincidence?
What hair color do they put on the driver's license of a bald man?
If you are asked to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth and your the main witness, what if you say "no"?
If, in a baseball game, the batter hits a ball splitting it right down the center with half the ball flying out of the park and the other half being caught, what is the final ruling?
If you were to get drunk in a country where the drinking limit is under 21, and went to the states and were still over the limit, could they arrest you for underage drinking even though you did not do the drinking in the states.
If its 11:30 PM Dec 31 in Texas and 12:30 AM Jan 1st in New York and you have a New York driver's license that expires Jan 2007, does that mean your license has expired?
Why dowe sing "Rock a bye baby" to lull a baby to sleep when the song is about putting your baby in a tree and letting the wind crash the cradle on the ground?
Can cannibals be arrested for being under the influence of alcohol (e.g. drunk-driving) if they have eaten someone who was drunk?
If one man says, "it was an uphill battle," and another says, "it went downhill from there," how could they both be having troubles?
If you had a three story house and were in the second floor, isn't it possible that you can be upstairs and downstairs at the same time?
Why people are so scared of mice,which are much smaller than us, when no one seems to be scared of Micky Mouse, who is bigger than us?
When your photo is taken for your driver's license, why do they tell you to smile? If you are stopped by the police and asked for your license, are you going to be smiling?
If there were a thousand seaguls in an airplane while its flying, each weighing two pounds a piece, but they were all flying in the airplane, would the airplane weigh 2000 pounds more?
Have you had your first kiss? Who with?
Ever make out? Who with?
What is your favorite sex position?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite music?
Where did you grow up as a kid?
Which football team do you support?
Who is the sexiest actress in the world?
Do you watch movies? Which one do you rate as your all time best?
Do you enjoy the company of your friends?
Are you comfortable with your current job?